NCSU Linux Users' Group Code of Conduct
=======================================

Members of the NCSU LUG and its community need to work together effectively,
and this code of conduct lays down the "ground rules" for our cooperation.

**Be considerate.** Not all members of the NCSU LUG community are as
knowledgeable as you may be. When answering questions, be polite, helpful and
honest.

**Be respectful.** Everyone can make a valuable contribution to NCSU LUG. We
may not always agree, but disagreement is no excuse for poor behavior and poor
manners. We might all experience some frustration now and then, but we cannot
allow that frustration to turn into a personal attack. It's important to
remember that a community where people feel uncomfortable or threatened is not
a productive one. We expect members of the NCSU LUG community to be respectful
when dealing with others as well as with people outside NCSU LUG when
representing the NCSU LUG.

**Be collaborative.** Linux, Open Source, and Free Software are about
collaboration and working together. Collaboration reduces redundancy of work
done and improves the quality of our results. You should aim to collaborate
with other members of the NCSU LUG community, as well as members of other
organizations within the user group community. Your work should be done
transparently and ideas from NCSU LUG projects should be given back to the
community when they are made, not just when your project is completed. If you
wish to work on new initiatives or projects for NCSU LUG, don't feel obliged to
have LUG-wide agreement before you begin. Simply keep the NCSU LUG community
informed of your work, and publish your work in a way that allows outsiders to
test, discuss and contribute to your efforts.

**When you disagree, consult others.** Disagreements, both political and
technical, happen all the time and the NCSU LUG community is no exception. The
important goal is not to avoid disagreements or differing views but to resolve
them constructively.

**When you are unsure, ask for help.** Nobody knows everything, and nobody is
expected to be perfect in the NCSU LUG community. Asking questions avoids many
problems down the road, and so questions are encouraged. Those who are asked
should be responsive and helpful.

Step down considerately. People come and go from any collaborative group. When
you leave or disengage from NCSU LUG, in whole or in part, we ask that you do
so in a way that minimizes disruption to the LUG. This means you should tell
people you are leaving and take the proper steps to ensure that others can pick
up where you leave off. This is mainly important for those providing volunteer
services that others have come to depend on.

Mailing lists and IRC

Mailing lists and IRC are important parts of the NCSU LUG community platform.
This code of conduct applies very much to your behavior in those forums too.
Please follow these guidelines.

1. Please use a valid email address to which direct responses can be made.
2. Please avoid flamewars, trolling, personal attacks, and repetitive arguments.

License

The NCSU LUG Code of Conduct is licensed under the Creative Commons
Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 license and is based on the TriLUG Code of Conduct
(http://trilug.org/codeofconduct). You may re-use it for your own project, and
modify it as you wish, just please allow others to use your modifications and
give credit to the Triangle Linux Users Group.
